that make it clear interview on the
main channel but we don't know the time no like
never yes the time whatever you
tell me it will be 10 not 10 of course
10 is good for you I mean I think that for
that person I think that around 10 is
good for Leola yes it will be
good for her the time that we put on the fake
live But nothing happens nothing happens it will be
noticeable when let's see it will be noticeable No, I don't
know on the main channel many
times the live shows are fake live shows
because maybe they can be touched up a
little in case something happens Jai for what a
Corrillo is missed a
collaborator of the Corrillo asking me
here loudly that she is missed but They
tell me every day Eh What
happens is that it is that you know what happens that
as I go as I go and also I have had a
problem and Marina knows it and so on well I don't know
if on the same day until she arrives a
little while before If she sees that live then I
just want to go and tell you Hey tonight I
don't know what Because like the topics of
heart eh not that they are left over
and that we have many things to
comment on but rather that he has to be
scratching and looking for news and such you
know So then I have not stayed I have not
stayed But yes it is true that we have to do we have to do
yes
a little circle this is very cool when I do it
look they are saying Javi is very
wrong they know Lidia Lozano
down to the sewers but it is that the one we
bring also Yes the one we bring
also In fact I look if you allow me
a clue the people here I think they like him
in general they love him yes they
love him end That is the big clue they
like him I mean people are going to like it
and they have to see it because and I
think it will give us a moment a moment
a moment a moment Andy
Well if you want some more little thing but
come on I think it will be too much but if they
want to put in some more scenes like that
I'll leave it in your hand okay I'm
working on it so you can come and such I can't
be pending on
all the things all the time eh How is what I'm
preparing Marina the truth is that it is
heavy eh I  I've been good Which of
all the big things the big things that I don't know of course the
big things that I don't know know what I'm messing around with
okay for an upcoming project that's
coming up very big I don't know let's see very big very
very ambitious not very very very cool it's going to be there's going to be
something very
powerful that you won't see coming okay true
not about the famous one from Friday
Well I I I what I'm telling you is that he's
a very very very famous person and I think that
I think that the people here love him of
course I mean I think that the people here the
people here love him by the way
Martin catalog is another is another is another
very famous person Javi Who is it I took
a month of vacation in Argentina I already
missed you a kiss we miss you too it's true I've missed
you Martin it
's true it's true you haven't
been a makeup artist very F conco Ah ah you
told me once it's true it's
true it's true it's true it's true he's a
makeup artist I recommend that you check out his
channel he also does things on
YouTube but he's a very
famous makeup artist in his country
Eh well  And in ours
many people also know him Samuel Today is
Marina today the objective is fulfilled Greetings
Marina a kiss Javi do not hurt
Marina's ears How many characters can you no longer
say Samuel I did not understand it is the
last of the characters But well I'll
tell you I'll tell you I'll tell you that a
kiss for both of you but that the thing about not
astim the ears is because at the beginning you
put that too high and he does
not know more what to say because he does not know
How many characters can he have with 49 Ah
okay No no no okay okay okay okay I
had not understood it I had not understood it
no
you well how good that about
Friday on Friday let it be clear that it
is on the main channel So stay
tuned okay or
here at the same time no Or you shouldn't well I
really do
n't usually do Fridays and Saturdays what happens is that the
last few days there has been a
lot of gossip a lot of random things but on
Friday let's see It's that on Friday
Sunday I know I have a lunch of de
segra that you met him in this video that I
made in the car when we went to
the  to the dog daycare you
remember and it's her 40th birthday and we're having
a special party, it's worth a meal and all
that, but man, Friday and Saturday we
try, we don't try not to show up. Of
course, by the way, we'll see how
Sunday ended, that's another point, that's
another point, well, eh. Let's hope we don't end up
like Carmen Borrego. Or
yes, you said it, okay, well, the headlines are quite a lot, the
headlines are quite a lot. Okay,
now we'll discuss the headlines, right? And
Carmen's statements. But tell me,
I already discussed this yesterday, tell me, of
course, tell me, are you here, let's see, clear here, please, listen to me?
9 days after the operation,
okay, 9 days after the operation. Oh, I feel like I ca
n't. Wait and see, let's see, point
number one, I know, I mean, I know, well, let's
see, we all know how
magazines work, apart from the 9 days after the
operation, eh. There's some brutal Photoshop.
Look, scroll down a little bit, the part of the arm,
please, they removed, apart from the
operation, the editor removed the readings, he
removed half of her arm
because in another photograph, the
inside of the magazine shows
an arm that's double, even though it's
smaller.  that that previous Let's see, it's really
hard for me to comment on this wait
eh she's got a new face and arms after a
7 hour cosmetic procedure let's
see eh do you remember it seems great to me
Look we've all had
things done and such And everyone is
free to do what they want if it doesn't go
well yes it's true that the Campos in
general have a constitution Hey they are
public figures and that's an opinion
Well the bodies a bit like a jug eh
the potato the double chin the legs
Well they have theirs please Look see see
he compare that
arm Look compare compare that arm
please Francisco Javier compare that arm
with the one on the cover that can be seen for God
if it's half please It's just hard for me to
comment on this seriously thank
goodness we didn't come here to be
serious sometimes because let's eh Let's see
really eh apart from the headlines that
will come now
eh it's that apart from that he's clipping the
birth of his of his great nephew I
mean yes totally totally and totally I
think that it's not a coincidence at all and that
Luis Pliego must have said let's see here we
have to wax  this we're going to but
let's see eh 9 days of yes it's
true that he has disappeared from the sets
I understand about the double chin remember
that he already did it eh I don't know How
these types of operations work But
why again I mean I don't know eh I
mean no eh Let's see isn't she gorgeous she's
gorgeous It's that the other time no she didn't
remove anything no I mean the other time he
went through the I don't know maybe the other time it
wasn't like the double chin as such
Maybe the other time it was a double chin lipo
what could it be I think the other time no no
if memes came out if I deleted it that
is on Twitter it has precisely the
main photo I think not Eh I think it
was it says it seems that they put another
body on her well it wouldn't be the first time that
they do that eh in the row what could it be
that the other time they went to the double chin lipo
no she was not satisfied because she
has a lot a lot a lot of double chin And
so now they have done what is to
remove skin or tie it back like the
matamoro but of course it is  let's see, we
're talking about 9 days. I mean, I'm
not exactly an expert on waiting.
I've done two stupid things, one is
getting hair done and the other is removing
fat from my eyelids and excess skin. It made
me
look sadder, more droopy, which is
something that all
men and women have. Also, men and
women, from my father's side, from
my father's side. My father, my uncle, my
cousins, we all have the the the the skin like
that, it's like characteristic. And then they cut off
a piece of skin, they
cut off your skin and and they take it away from you, and
then in 9 days you're not ready, eh, to put on
makeup and to pose, I mean, this is
a very big operation because the one on the
arm, the arm, well, the thing with the side. No,
that's not his arm, Javi, really,
that's not his arm, what the
operation is. That, that operation is a really bad operation,
eh, I mean, the
arm is an operation. But it's a bad operation,
eh, but I'll tell you one
thing, we can put it, you can search in
Google When you read the WhatsApp Carmen
Borrego 2015 2016 and see this cover It's that
to me, eh eh As she says If
the Campos didn't exist, they would have to be
invented the truth is that yes it is that you are right it is that
I
but it is what you say in that time there is
always a Campos worse than you but
this was the previous one the previous one of course it
was Yes in the previous one my goodness that I
recorded it to be a sister here eh but
let's see it's that But could this be a
lipo eh Because let's see how do you know
if it is a lipo or not, I don't know but that you ca
n't be in 9 days Yes, I mean, are
you telling me that there is a
new technique now that maybe there is one and that's it
because they talk about a technique from the
doctor I don't know what that you in 9 days you are
like this girl, the thing about the arm is that it is
difficult that no matter how much technique there is you have to
remove fat and remove that fabric
as if it were that you know Yes but that
she also It is true that it was not only
the double chin that she did more things also
the eyelids  I think that also
maybe everything was done, I mean it was a complete one
and now again but I am wanting her
beyond Beyond seeing her in the magazine
which is like what you ask for and what you
get that will be when we see her now on
the sets or rather on the street with a
microphone in hand that is going to be the
most realistic I can't believe it of course they
put this here suddenly
tomorrow or the day after we're going to see it, it is what it is maybe it's
another
body Or it's that I can't believe it
either or this face is that no but that no that why no because it's not because of
the result not the result but that you in
9 days you can't be like that Or you
in 9 days Eh they are some stitches worth some
stitches a such And you still have the
stitches there I mean you in 9 days Who
has had something operated on that in 9 days is on
the nose I also had it operated on to
breathe better because I had a
crooked septum Oh you know and and I in 9 days my
eyes were purple man what
are you telling me  week I mean the one with the
double chin I don't know what it will be like But
the one on the arms is a hell of an operation I mean it's not
7 hours in the operating room
Marina you in 9 days are posing putting on
makeup not pouring it does
n't make sense I don't
believe it I mean it's probably the same they
did it before but retouching
more or less how it turned out afterwards no that's what
I
think but that's good it's that I don't know
what's going to surprise us it's deceiving
people you know I mean I'm
looking forward to seeing her tomorrow with a microphone with
someone behind her with a microphone or on
set or because really if we don't
see her on set now it's because
Campos loves money So
if we don't see her on set it's because she
's not well no I mean not well to go on
set So if we don't see her on set
these days with the issue of the birth of
Alejandra's son etc etc etc it's because she's
not well and she's in the
post-operative so this
cover is leaving me absolutely
stiff and what she said I'm I have some  I
want you to say it because I've
seen some things and I say I ca
n't believe you're not me No it's not
possible come on let's comment on the
statements How are my people over there it's
nice have you already had a
smoothie for bed a colac or what
beer no chocolate No neither chate I've
never felt second fiddle to Terelu
I'm not much of a
protagonist Well yes I mean well me let's
see she was more behind the
cameras and Terel more in front it was a matter of
taste I don't understand no eh By way
she also worked look she worked in
Castilla la Mancha obviously we didn't coincide
But but she was more yes as you
would have said behind the cameras
but yes it's true that when she started to be in
front she gained a prominence that
at first eclipsed Terelu and I think
that Terelu didn't find that
funny at all because as much as they are
sisters and and they love each other well man the
quarrels the jealousy and the TV and the
egos go on for a long time but she doesn't like the
limelight I don't know if she likes it  or not
but that they have given it to her or that she has it or
that she has had it survivors did not
even the egg and was one of the
protagonists at the beginning in slvame
everything that they made her do made her the
protagonist in
that she does not like I do not know probably
I think that more to Terelu no but well
Carmen But do you think that because she likes the
protagonism because I think that the
issue of in front of the cameras and the whole
new stage of Carmen borrego after
being behind or rather because there is a
first stage that is behind the camera for
many years and and there is the new one already has
many no but well for me it is
necessity and money and necessity of course
look up to the point jav of the
necessity that salv
above all Carmen humiliations p man
humiliations in big brother
TR herself told it that she had just had an operation
and this clown threw a cake in her
face when she had all this just had an
operation I mean things and humiliations
when they were swinging her So
all her panties could be seen well Hey everyone
consents to how much they consent not one
thing is the show but I think that with  the
Campos and with Carmen They also crossed
red lines that they themselves accepted
playing that game with the audios of the
daughter-in-law entering into that game of the Son's era
took its toll on her then she complained
but she consented to it So I don't know Yes I
think so Terel was like the pretty one Yes she has
always been the pretty one and Carmen like
maybe the funniest or such Yes well
each one I don't know but well of course each one
has a little bit of the role that she has but I like
Carmen better in particular I have
spoken with both of them and Well Carmen doesn't have It has
nothing to do with it I think that
people in general arouse more
sympathy Yes man Yes I I think so I think so
from my mother's inheritance she has been
exemplary Alejandra has taken
my mother's bags just like my daughter I have a
wonderful relationship with my niece eh you
know when we bring this out where we
get it eh When Mara Teresa died
which is legal eh but as a
curiosity after weeks or a month or a
month and a half I don't know if it was not on wallapop
because that would have already been the
meme of the year  eh I don't know where it was that
chairs and tables of yours like
Maria Teresa's came out to sell that we talked about it I
think but let's see I'll see well no let's
see I don't know [ __ ] I I I've posted
things no also let's see everyone does that
recently they messed with Lizy
too because she did it because she had an
account of this clothing vin her name is
no And as of course a
clothing influencer buys the clothes she buys one of those that she
tries on or whatever makes the
video and she already has it accumulated there no And
this also happens a lot with the
creators of technology content
maybe you're testing
computer parts fish that you assemble I don't know
electronic items that you don't
need but you do it for the video you
do a review and then well you have the
house full of stuff No of course Javi
but of course a month after she
dies each one is each one which I
repeat that I respect a month after
your mother dies you start
auctioning off her tables her chairs like
auctioning off like let's see who I don't know
well each one is each one which seems
perfect to me  No, but I don't know, look at the tables, the
chair, I imagine that the objects that
have some kind of value, but the
tables, the chair, the furniture, that's what,
what mourning are you going to keep for the
furniture? No, it's not a question of mourning, it's a
question of, of course, no, each
one of you, I mean, I don't know, eh, of course, you keep
a dress, maybe you keep
a specific personal item, no, but of
course, the la, the furniture doesn't leave them and
out, no, with survivors, I sank into
misery, I don't understand this much, but and she
leaves it and she leaves it with survivors, I
sank into misery, eh, you made a deal with the
production company, which is quartz, that they have,
Palmitas, both you and your family,
thanks to that, they are still there, eh, I made a
kind of contract to come and go without
leaving financially damaged in a
very subtle way, eh, to give play and
give it promotion at the beginning, knowing
that you were the star signing or the most
striking thing, you were there for two or three weeks
earning good money weekly, everything
that you could afford, I don't know what it would
be  20,000 20 20,000 more or less
15 20 a week you went out without shame or
glory you did nothing you were lying down
you gave your meme content at the beginning
and you left it will be referred to that later it
was the problem with his son I suppose say they
say chat telesalseo in the magazine
the bag and the jacket do not appear What has been
done with the skin that they have removed that I
erase it to see if you believe it is a
crocodile but they have not said it seriously
no I think so eh it says that they have done
no you cannot see the bag that he carried
that day What has been done with the skin that was
removed let's see how much skin I also
tell you there will be clear she must have lost kilos it is a
lot of skin an 8 hour operation
removing tel there eh be no I am not
serious eh or mean So you have to
remove it Of course but let's see it was not there either
let's see but it is like a skin flap it is not
clear what has been done it is you
know When a person is very
very overweight very obese and
loses a lot of weight or rather and stays  all the
skin of course that skin no no that skin you have to
operate on and it's short the skin
but come on square meters of skin Of
course but how with that what do you do well you are
No man of course you silly what do you
think a crocodile is not like the one in the
chat who said that what she has done what will it be well of
course already it no longer has It has no
use noene Let's see I don't know I think it has no
use a bag a pretty little purse of
course there are people who take off the skin of
an L and then they put it somewhere else I don't
know for for but but that eh Because you
need yes Well of course imag It's
just that thinking about it
is that buz I faint remove remove there's a bag an XL bag no Well I would have loved it I'm sorry I would have loved it if the Al Janda documentary also came out this this crossover no suddenly she giving birth and in the box two floors up c in
sheep like that with the double chin removing it I
would have loved it but no no no I don't
know but yes it is true that it was
at the same time total Let's see I don't know I
understand that now it is that I don't know it is that it has
been  at the same time because
both have scheduled their operations
actually, I mean because Rubio has
scheduled her birth, which I don't understand
why she couldn't have let it be
natural and maybe it would have been now
during the week or next week you know I have
n't understood what
Alejandra Rubio did, I don't understand, I don't
understand why because in the end
what was it for, what was it that they recorded that I have
n't understood the why is that we'll
see what they recorded look when
the documentary comes out we'll have something
interesting to talk about well let's see what
comes out of it I really don't
understand I think I haven't understood
the reason for having a cesarean section
when it could have been a natural birth
maybe I didn't understand no more I do
n't know I haven't given birth But well of
course it's not so scheduled it's that no no it
says that it's because of diabetes that Ah
gestational diabetes I don't know what it is she had
diabetes that's why they planned it Ah I mean
well That's what she says that she also
said that she hadn't gone to the pharmacy
for a pregnancy test and she was
pregnant when she said that of course so she
has a health problem  that
you need to schedule the delivery it can't
be delivery when you have it no Ah it's
gestational she said that poria that
says Sure sure sure okay That says that says let's
see more more
headlines no no no no no no I continue
having sex with my husband but now I
can't move my head or my
arms and what I'm not going to be is a
starfish I continue having sex with my husband
but now I can't move my head
or my arms and what I'm not going to be is a
starfish you know but he
told you seriously I'm going to look like a
starfish here Hey I've never
heard that eh la la the new one in My
time it was
said te mu less than a stick no no it was
said star to me a thousand and I mean me a thousand
times when I say let's see don't be a star
a thousand times I mean yes yes yes like the
people who are dedicated to come on Don't [ __ ] with me
I had never heard that yes yes yes it's that I
'm I can't I mean I
continue having sex not even with my husband but I ca
n't move my head or my arms it's that
you imagine you are
totally impeded Yes but you can do one you can
fix yourself up And that and doing a pose that
doesn't make sense these photos are from
before but someone must have commented on it
that I've seen today no eh That's why I'm
telling you that it seems to me man they are not
interested in television that they have there
also Luis Pliego in the afternoon on the
morning program saying this
photo like they did before that yes they
criticized no because this magazine has
said such And why not now not as they have
their directors on staff eh It's not that
no to say what we are
commenting on here but I
would love to know because Nor does it
have any other explanation Come on come on
another the Campos we have
sagging bodies the mother
not me the 80 years old of course No man and before
me in person when the I mean yes they are
like How do I tell you collected like with the
same the same Constitution the three more
or less similar
how is it that like let's see someone
express it better it's that I know about these things
but I don't know how to identify the word
but the skin issue So sagging
so much is the is the is she no no and Terelu
or rather Terelu but let's see that already that is
what  you don't what you take care of yourself you do
n't gain weight also s But there are
people like me For example if I gain weight not this
if it happens to you if my belly gains weight
but it gets hard it gets on me No no it's
flaccid it's not like that it's like hard you know and
the gas is the same it's hard I mean it's not like
you like your
tummy gets up and down that I don't know
if you have a tummy Now you have a
tummy let's see man enough for it to
bounce not so much for it to bounce we're
trying not today today today today to
go about that precisely You know why Of
course you have subcutaneous fat no And
visceral fat And then the one that you
say gets hard is because it
has a lot of internal fat that's the
hardest to lose the soft one that's
on the outside is the one in the skin the
fat of of I don't know how
each one gets it I don't know in in What things
fat gives you in one way and what
fat gives you in another way but
man the hardest is  the the
interior which is the one between the
organs that you have to be careful because they
are the ones that cause problems of course Yes yes they are the ones that
give problems of the
organs and things of course but but let's
see the Campos we have a sagging body
well man well you you how old is
borrego well it is more or less
similar not 50 a you 59 58 59 57 59
and 60 you can look at it more or less there
borrego is younger than Terelu but
two years no I think like I
think 50 and many 60 around there He only
says the lilacs Yes yes around there they
are eh Around there he says marquise they
are poorly made the truth is they are poorly
made and she was very beautiful very beautiful very beautiful
to m I loved her more I
loved her and I love her when I see her when she was
young I love her she is spectacular when she is
young Yes I mean I say maybe now well
now no the woman is not ugly but no but
how young she is let's go as a young woman
spectacular spectacular 58 terelu they
put well she well Carmen  Well yes 58 let's
see Carmen is older then it's
wrong eh Carmen borrego
man you told me that Bertrn was 34
I've already gone back to sleep so
Carmen borrego and Terelu are 58 man
well Carmen borrego is average Eh
then for being older eh terelu is
a year older they are only a year apart it's that
terelu is that my goodness
wait it's that of course terelu doesn't but it's
in the end you don't take care of yourself or whatever and let's
see the Ah no there she is there she is
beautiful in that photo wait
bu she was spectacular and there she is not better
but it was It was yes yes yes yes yes no no and
also she's been older it's been the last 10
years and I don't accept the excuse I mean
when there are a lot of people who like the chaca who is
very pretty man but very pretty but very pretty but very pretty
pretty man I
mean But well
eh
And she hasn't prioritized No no she presumed she hasn't
prioritized Maybe taking care of herself no no no
no of the last few years she's like but not anymore
No, it's not because of the physical issue that she's been
abandoned physically or anything, but
like she's not there anymore, she's not well, you know, and she takes
refuge in her things and but no,
I see her as very bitter. Well, I've
experienced it firsthand,
but as a spectator, she's eh,
bitter in character, like unhappy, like
But also unhappy, one of those that makes
the rest unhappy, you know, she has
companions next to her, with her
friends, she may behave very well, but it's like she does
n't transmit it to me. However, her
sister, who also has her things, is
something else. You know, she's more of a Show Woman,
too, more so. Well, it's something else,
but well, there's the contrast that they
're not all the same.